---
---

# Abstract

Many factors shape our identities; the communities we belong to, the activities we participate in, and the assets we
own. Web3 identities are no different. A user may hold identity artifacts such as an NFT that confers DAO membership, a
Soul-Bound Token (SBT) that certifies their university degree, and cryptographic proof that confirms their affiliations
in some social graph. Unlike in real life, however, web3 identities are not yet cohesive (with digital assets, the
situation is similar, but a wider list of protocols works on the problem). This is because the web3 ecosystem is
dispersed across multiple blockchains. For instance, a userâ€™s DAO NFT may be issued on Ethereum, their University
Credential on Solana, and their social graph may be off-chain but reflecting interactions on a dApp on Polygon. While
many protocols bring interoperability to digital assets, none provide unique solutions to make digital identities and
their myriad components interoperable.

Firstly, the various custom artifacts composing digital identities require bespoke solutions. Yet, it is also vital to
use them interchangeably and that the solutions meet certain standardizations. Secondly, privacy concerns require users
to reveal only specific aspects of their identity, like confirming residency without sharing their precise address.

Rarimo is the only interoperability protocol that overcomes these challenges. It offers cross-chain identity, state, and
digital asset management across chains using embedded ZK proofs for privacy assurance. Rarimo allows: 1) transfer
(asset) and replicate (identity state) existing entity from its source chain to the needed or 2) create identity state
directly on Rarimo and propagate it to any point of web3 universe.

**Rarimo**: As well as its identity-specific features, Rarimo has a range of characteristics that make it particularly
secure, seamless, and cost-effective as a general-use interoperability protocol. Firstly, using a Threshold Signature
Scheme (TSS), Rarimo provides high-security guarantees at a constant operation price. Secondly, its application layer
means developers can effortlessly integrate messaging contracts from existing dApps without building notable amounts of
custom, use-case-specific logic. Thirdly, Rarimo supports streamlined, single-click, single-transaction flows. Users can
perform complex, multi-chain activities with only a single click. Especially for identity cases, Rarimo uses a
zk-focused approach that allows using cryptographically secure credentials without revealing personal data on-chain,
making publishing identities easier and cheaper for identity providers.
